README.md, before:

# Pico Diff

Tiny GUI app to compare text easily. Lightweight as feather, handy in palm and has cross-platform support. Written in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) along with [fltk-rs](https://github.com/fltk-rs/fltk-rs) (Rust's binding for [FLTK](https://www.fltk.org/)).

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/picodiff?label=latest)](https://crates.io/crates/picodiff)
[![Dependency Status](https://deps.rs/crate/picodiff/latest/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/crate/picodiff/latest)
[![Releases Workflow](https://github.com/nabbisen/picodiff/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nabbisen/picodiff/actions/workflows/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nabbisen/picodiff)](https://github.com/nabbisen/picodiff/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Usage

Just run the binary in [Releases](../../releases) for your platform, either of Windows, MacOS, Linux. The app will start so put text at input fields on the form. The comparison result will appear.

![comparison result](.docs-assets/comparison-result.png)

## Acknowledgements

Depends on `Rust` programming language, `FLTK` cross-platform GUI toolkit, `fltk-rs` and [`similar`](https://github.com/mitsuhiko/similar) diffing library.

Commit message:

append how to install via cargo

README.md, after:

# Pico Diff

Tiny GUI app to compare text easily. Lightweight as feather, handy in palm and has cross-platform support. Written in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) along with [fltk-rs](https://github.com/fltk-rs/fltk-rs) (Rust's binding for [FLTK](https://www.fltk.org/)).

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/picodiff?label=latest)](https://crates.io/crates/picodiff)
[![Dependency Status](https://deps.rs/crate/picodiff/latest/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/crate/picodiff/latest)
[![Releases Workflow](https://github.com/nabbisen/picodiff/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nabbisen/picodiff/actions/workflows/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nabbisen/picodiff)](https://github.com/nabbisen/picodiff/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Usage

Just run the binary in [Releases](../../releases) for your platform, either of Windows, MacOS, Linux. The app will start so put text at input fields on the form. The comparison result will appear.

![comparison result](.docs-assets/comparison-result.png)

Alternatively, if you have Rust installed, you can install the app via [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/cargo/) package manager in `$HOME/.cargo/bin`:

```sh
cargo install picodiff
```

## Acknowledgements

Depends on `Rust` programming language, `FLTK` cross-platform GUI toolkit, `fltk-rs` and [`similar`](https://github.com/mitsuhiko/similar) diffing library.
